# Intro
The following project conains the full source for the hovel-house CloudKit plugin
The project is divided into a few folders:
* Docs - autogenerated documentation for C# classes
* DocumentationProject - the afpub project file for the PDF documentation provided to the asset store
* LibraryProject - an xcode workspace with 3 separate projects that build the iOS static library, the TVOS static library, and the MacOS dynamic library. 
* UnityCloudKitPlugin - is the unity project containing the C# wrapper over the library files. It also contains working sample scenes.

# Library Project
Some notes about the library projects
* The majority of the build targets share the same code. There are slight differences between the files that are included for iOS/TVOS and the MacOS library
* Building the libraries will not automatically overwrite the ones in the unity project. They have to be copied over as a manual step. There are plans to automate this in the near future.
* Only archive builds include bit-code support, which is required for submission to app store connect. You may debug locally with non-archive versions of the libraries if you wish. To use the archived versions of the libraries, you must open up the archive, find the files and overwrite the current versions in the unity project. 
* There is currently no Armv7 support for iOS, (apple is phasing it out). This has resulted in linker errors for people using the default build settings for some versions of Unity. I will add support for Armv7 shortly, but in the meantime you will need to build this architecture if you need it.

# License
Please do not redistribute this project. Permission to use or modify this project is granted to paid users only. 
